iOS READMEs - Features (#853)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Features/Feature layer rendering mode (map)/README.md

In static rendering mode, features and graphics are rendered only when needed (for example, after an extent change) and offloads a significant portion of the graphical processing onto the CPU. As a result, less work is required by the GPU to draw the graphics, and the GPU can spend its resources on keeping the UI interactive. Use this mode for stationary graphics, complex geometries, and very large numbers of features or graphics. The number of features and graphics has little impact on frame render time, meaning it scales well, and pushes a constant GPU payload. However, rendering updates is CPU and system memory intensive, which can have an impact on device battery life.

## How to use the sample

> Use the 'Animated Zoom' button to trigger the same zoom animation on both static and dynamically maps.

Reviewer: Double quote?
```suggestion
Use the "Animated Zoom" button to trigger the same zoom animation on both static and dynamically maps.
```
